[DOC] Clarify time units in ttl (#28099)
elastic/beats: libbeat/outputs/logstash/docs/logstash.asciidoc

Specifying a TTL on the connection allows to achieve equal connection distribution between the
instances.  Specifying a TTL of 0 will disable this feature.

> The default value is 0 and it is a https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/libbeat/current/config-file-format-type.html#_duration[Duration].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value is 0. This setting accepts {beats-ref}/config-file-format-type.html#_duration[duration] data type values.
```
